# About
A lightweight C# interop library for retrieving the latest error code and message. It leverages the **[Plus](https://github.com/Feralnex/Plus)** library, which provides **easy macros** and **unified types**.

## Error.cpp
Provides functionality to retrieve the last error code generated by the current thread, along with its corresponding error message.

- GetErrorCode
```c++
int GetErrorCode();
```
Retrieves the last error code that occurred on the thread from which it is invoked. This function is thread-specific, meaning it returns the most recent error code related to the current thread's execution context.

- GetSocketErrorCode
```c++
int GetSocketErrorCode();
```
Retrieves the last socket error code that occurred on the thread from which it is invoked. In Linux and macOS environments, this function behaves the same as GetErrorCode(), returning the last error code for the current thread. However, on Windows, it retrieves the error associated with the Windows Sockets API (WSA), providing more specific error information for socket operations.

- GetErrorMessage
```c++
char *TryGetErrorMessage(int errorCode, char **errorMessage)
```
Tries to retrieve the corresponding error message based on the provided error code. This function translates the given error code into a human-readable string, allowing for easier debugging and understanding of the specific error encountered.

- ShouldDeleteErrorMessage
```c++
bool ShouldDeleteErrorMessage()
```
Returns true on Windows and false on Linux. This function indicates whether you should free the space allocated for the error message. On Windows, the error message is dynamically allocated, and thus, you should free it after use. In contrast, on Linux and macOS, the error message is retrieved from a static context, which does not require manual memory management.

- DeleteErrorMessage
```c++
void DeleteErrorMessage(char *errorMessage)
```
This function is usable only on Windows and frees the memory that was allocated for the error message retrieved by GetErrorMessage(). It is important to call this function to prevent memory leaks, as Windows dynamically allocates memory for error messages.